hello everyone it is the third day of
rolled screws with coverage presented by
mobile it exciting right now by me as
well as Lexie who's gonna help translate
all right so that RNG Samsung game was
crazy I we were talking beforehand and I
felt like it looked really easy but you
were saying it was not easy
can you talk to me a little bit about
what that experience was like for you
hung on the campus I think that not sure
to turn beside you map in Boonton that
traditional MMO this happy sad Allah
Almighty knows when Elijah Joseph on the
hoenn what I'm doing do up Junior make
it all Michio ha shinza Fareed Ohana or
my emails all the time no no wink away
yeah Jung Ji Won no Joey
which I'm Fareed oh ha no audio damn
genius ooh you know Sepideh mention
about you or me which it's all the time
not me Candace or no yo you know the
time possess anyone so we actually had
some an advantage early game and mid
game but I feel like if they didn't give
us so much opportunities during mid game
and instead it just decided to farm and
not make so many mistakes we it probably
would have gone the other way but
because they made so many mistakes we
were able to capitalize on them and win
the game speaking of them giving you
opportunities were you surprised by the
way that the draft went because it
seemed like you guys got a lot of really
great opportunities there
Ahana your military
shinkai shoujo your personality to the
your horse it's you who I don't go to
drive with you wanna know me John MPPs a
magician no no I said we're changing
that to your show your to her the harm
intended on a sub-item
to sort of Susie where Auto hate on you
wanna th audience DPS a mother so I
believe that there was a lot of
opportunities and I also trust our
coaches decision on band picks and also
really trust my teammates if there were
any mistakes shown by the enemy team
we're definitely gonna capitalize on
them and that's what we did very very
good
I have been covering news sports for a
long time and I've been to many
different events but the crowd went
crazy when you guys won
what was it like for you to hear just
the crazy support from the crowd
Stesha Tucker and the hide she was
essential no no tonight no it's a
gentleman was real kind of sentiment
that bite hunt you can be set your whole
new control don't go to my phone
continuity Meganium and she died on who
Nick Clegg and I don't wanna go ha
cuando male confessor comes in he chose
wrong with some woman donating GABA how
he not also told me you chose anyone we
can charge Joey
Danny nation and gee do I wanna feed him
back so I'm really thankful for all the
support from our fans and with all the
crowds cheering and supporting us it
really gave us a lot of motivation to
play much better and that's what we did
I we want to keep doing that now RMG is
interesting because you are a team made
up of all native Chinese players do you
think that perhaps if you show a lot of
success here at Worlds even more teams
will start to move back into this
direction for our teams being formed
orangish of original hopper
Honeyman Ohana Chevy Tahoe known each
other name the person Yamaha Culiacan
daughter LPL hepatica doll Luna I didn't
want you know your honey
oh yeah don't worry about a home just
coming out you know with a shoot robot
oh good none yes if y'all
shin-soo Doha okay he must go to my
cousin yes if you want your honey man
told us we can't you have to double the
she chose away yeah man she wanna make
it Sunday so we don't want MA so ideally
I do want all the teams to have five
Chinese players on the team because that
would be pretty awesome
and with my team I really like talking
to them too but I'm also a very friendly
person and I actually have a lot of
friends at the curtain I'm friends a lot
of Korean players too so it really
depends on what the pro teams want each
of them have different needs but I would
like to see more teams with just all
five Chinese players finally after that
game I
feels like you have a pretty good chance
of getting first place in your group so
dominant first off do you agree with
that and secondly if so who do you think
it's going to be the second team to make
it out evenly the Hana
chili chef Antonia yeah know each other
Rugel show patterns your position in
Meninga who each also teach was you
go check on Joe Hana and you don't need
micelles with the art within the casino
you go Michelle duties which in the
heart audience which an AHA sunshine in
a society much in the Neha Sharma
Sangeeth GTO haha that's all my indeed
I'm about to send she is an attendee so
if you do make it out of groups as
number one then I think Samsom is going
to come in second because if they prove
to be a very tough opponent but right
now we're not sure we can make it out as
first yet but we're gonna use that
that's going to be our goal you don't
have a ton of confidence after that game
yeah Kenny yeah yeah I am very confident
anything you want to say to any of the
fans who are really excited after that
performance just now difference is
really Ohana yeah wait 1300 oh haha UN
kinship environment other c3po number P
kimono yes she's in touching her a woman
Jo touching even a child she said
nothing at all so inside she anyway so
thank you to all the fans especially the
fans that actually came to the venue to
watch this because these few days
weathers aren't very good and it's a
little bit cold a little bit weird so
please be make sure that you're all
healthy and well and thank you so much
for coming to cheer for us we're good
well thank you so much for the interview
and congratulations Thank You Lexi for
translating and for everyone else you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel thanks so much for
watching another one of my world's
interviews I want to give a shout out to
mobile it's my coverage sponsor for this
event they are all about helping you
identify your personal strengths and
weaknesses and legal legends so you can
get better and by the way they are also
doing a giveaway so check that out in
the comments and you can sign up
mobile xgg sighs Travis